docs/index.adoc, before:

= RecordTrac Documentation
:toc:
:source-highlighter: pygments

{% macro link(underscore_name) -%}
link:{{ underscore_name }}.html[{{titleize(underscore_name)}}]
{% endmacro -%}

== Welcome

This is the home page for documentation for RecordTrac app.

NOTE: For help contact oakland|@|codeforamerica.org

== What is RecordTrac?

Understand what is RecordTrac and what motivated the 2013 Code for America fellows to build it. You can also find links to research about the public records request process in Oakland. 

{{ link('about') }}

== How to make a public records request using RecordTrac

* {{ link('public-features') }}
* {{ link('public-table') }}

== How to respond to a public records request using RecordTrac

* {{ link('features') }}
* {{ link('table') }}
* {{ link('admin') }}

== How RecordTrac is Built

Learn about the technical details of implementation so you can see what's involved.

RecordTrac is primarily a Python application built on a backend Flask framework and a frontend Bootstrap framework.

=== Platform pieces
* http://flask.pocoo.org[Flask 0.10] is used as the backend Python framework.
* http://getbootstrap.com/2.3.2[Bootstrap 2.3.2] is used as the frontend HTML/CSS/JS framework.
* http://www.postgresapp.com[Postgres 9.3.0] is used to manage the database.
* http://www.python.org/getit[Python 2.7.5] is used as the foundational programming language.

=== Plugins
* http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome[Font Awesome 3.2.1] is used to render all the icons on the site.
* http://www.datatables.net[DataTables 1.9.4] is used to display the full list of requests in "/requests".

=== Service dependencies
* http://sendgrid.com/[SendGrid] is used for all email notifications about requests.
* http://akismet.com/[Askimet] is used as a spam filter.
* http://www.captcha.net/[Captcha] is used to allow requesters to override the spam filter if necessary.

=== Feature backlog
Issues and feature backlog are tracked through https://github.com/codeforamerica/public-records[GitHub issues].

== How to Redeploy RecordTrac

* {{ link('groundwork') }}

* {{ link('best-practices') }}

* {{ link('redeploy') }}

== Developers

=== API Docs

* {{ link('api') }}

=== Source Code

* https://github.com/codeforamerica/public-records[Source Code (Github)]
* https://github.com/codeforamerica/public-records/issues[Issue Tracker (Github)]

=== Developer Docs

* {{ link('db-helpers') }}
* {{ link('departments') }}
* {{ link('models') }}
* {{ link('notifications') }}
* {{ link('prr') }}

Commit message:

Added info on web browser.

docs/index.adoc, after:

= RecordTrac Documentation
:toc:
:source-highlighter: pygments

{% macro link(underscore_name) -%}
link:{{ underscore_name }}.html[{{titleize(underscore_name)}}]
{% endmacro -%}

== Welcome

This is the home page for documentation for RecordTrac app.

NOTE: For help contact oakland|@|codeforamerica.org

== What is RecordTrac?

Understand what is RecordTrac and what motivated the 2013 Code for America fellows to build it. You can also find links to research about the public records request process in Oakland. 

{{ link('about') }}

== How to make a public records request using RecordTrac

* {{ link('public-features') }}
* {{ link('public-table') }}

== How to respond to a public records request using RecordTrac

* {{ link('features') }}
* {{ link('table') }}
* {{ link('admin') }}

== How RecordTrac is Built

Learn about the technical details of implementation so you can see what's involved.

RecordTrac is primarily a Python application built on a backend Flask framework and a frontend Bootstrap framework.

You need the latest version of your web browser to best experience this web app. You can use the following web browsers: Google Chrome, Internet Explorer 10, Safari 4+, or Firefox 3.6+.

=== Platform pieces
* http://flask.pocoo.org[Flask 0.10] is used as the backend Python framework.
* http://getbootstrap.com/2.3.2[Bootstrap 2.3.2] is used as the frontend HTML/CSS/JS framework.
* http://www.postgresapp.com[Postgres 9.3.0] is used to manage the database.
* http://www.python.org/getit[Python 2.7.5] is used as the foundational programming language.

=== Plugins
* http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome[Font Awesome 3.2.1] is used to render all the icons on the site.
* http://www.datatables.net[DataTables 1.9.4] is used to display the full list of requests in "/requests".

=== Service dependencies
* http://sendgrid.com/[SendGrid] is used for all email notifications about requests.
* http://akismet.com/[Askimet] is used as a spam filter.
* http://www.captcha.net/[Captcha] is used to allow requesters to override the spam filter if necessary.

=== Feature backlog
Issues and feature backlog are tracked through https://github.com/codeforamerica/public-records[GitHub issues].

== How to Redeploy RecordTrac

* {{ link('groundwork') }}

* {{ link('best-practices') }}

* {{ link('redeploy') }}

== Developers

=== API Docs

* {{ link('api') }}

=== Source Code

* https://github.com/codeforamerica/public-records[Source Code (Github)]
* https://github.com/codeforamerica/public-records/issues[Issue Tracker (Github)]

=== Developer Docs

* {{ link('db-helpers') }}
* {{ link('departments') }}
* {{ link('models') }}
* {{ link('notifications') }}
* {{ link('prr') }}
